[Task Manager] Support excluding certain task types from executing (#111036)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/task_manager/README.md

- `monitored_stats_running_average_window`- Dictates the size of the window used to calculate the running average of various "Hot" stats. Learn More: [./MONITORING](./MONITORING.MD)
- `monitored_stats_required_freshness` - Dictates the _required freshness_ of critical "Hot" stats. Learn More: [./MONITORING](./MONITORING.MD)
- `monitored_task_execution_thresholds`- Dictates the threshold of failed task executions. Learn More: [./MONITORING](./MONITORING.MD)

> - `internal.exclude_task_types` - Which task types to exclude from execution by ensuring they are never claimed. Supports wildcard usage (such as `actions:*`). This is intended for debugging use only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `internal.exclude_task_types` - Which task types to exclude from execution by ensuring they are never claimed. Supports wildcard usage (such as `actions:*`). This is an experimental config and should be used with caution.
```

Author: Yea this is interesting. I don't know how to phrase this exactly. cc @mikecote for any advice

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this? cc @gchaps for opinions.

```suggestion
- `internal.exclude_task_types` - A list of task types to exclude from running. Supports wildcard usage (such as `namespace:*`). This configuration is experimental, unsupported and can only be used for temporary debugging purposes as it will cause Kibana to behave in unexpected ways.
```

Author: Best of both worlds! Thanks all!

> - `unsafe.exclude_task_types` - A list of task types to exclude from running. Supports wildcard usage (such as `namespace:*`). This configuration is experimental, unsupported and can only be used for temporary debugging purposes as it will cause Kibana to behave in unexpected ways.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `unsafe.exclude_task_types` - A list of task types to exclude from running. Supports wildcard usage, such as `namespace:*`. This configuration is experimental, unsupported, and can only be used for temporary debugging purposes because it causes Kibana to behave in unexpected ways.
```
